Update prefetch docs with browser support information (#8246)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/prefetch.mdx

- If a visitor is using [data saver mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/saveData) or has a [slow connection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation/effectiveType), prefetch will fallback to the `tap` strategy.
- Quickly hovering or scrolling over links will not prefetch them.

> - Links that use the `viewport` or `load` strategy are prefetched with a lower priority to avoid clogging up the network.

Author: This will no longer be the case as all strategies will internally use `<link rel="prefetch">` which has the same (low) priority.

</script>
```

You can additionally configure the priority of prefetching by passing the `with` option:

```js
// Prefetch with `fetch()`, which has a higher priority.
prefetch('/about', { with: 'fetch' });

// Prefetch with `<link rel="prefetch">`, which has a lower priority
// and manually scheduled by the browser. (default)
prefetch('/about', { with: 'link' });

> ```

Author: The `with` option is deprecated so I removed this to discourage people from using it.

});
```

## Browser support

Prefetching relies on [`<link rel="prefetch">`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/prefetch) if supported, or falls back to the [`fetch()` API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API). Below covers the common browsers which have subtle differences when prefetching:

### Chrome

1. It supports `<link rel="prefetch">` and will generally always work as expected.

### Firefox

1. It supports `<link rel="prefetch">` but errors with `NS_BINDING_ABORTED` if an explicit cache header like [`Cache-Control`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control) or [`Expires`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Expires) doesn't exist.
2. If it errors but the response have a proper [`ETag`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag) header, it will be re-used on navigation.
3. Otherwise, if it errors with no other cache headers, the prefetch will not work.

### Safari

> 1. It doesn't support `<link rel="prefetch">` and will fall back to the `fetch()` API.
> 2. The `fetch()` API requires cache headers, like [`Cache-Control`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control), [`Expires`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Expires), and [`ETag`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag), to be set in order to work. Otherwise, the prefetch will not work.
> 3. Edge case: `ETag` headers do not work in private windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Support:** Safari does not support `<link rel="prefetch">` and will fall back to the `fetch()` API, which requires cache headers (e.g. [`Cache-Control`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control), [`Expires`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Expires), and [`ETag`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag)) to be set. Otherwise, the prefetch will not work.

**Edge case:** `ETag` headers do not work in private windows.
```

### Recommendations

> To best support all browsers, make sure your pages have the proper cache headers. For SSG or pre-rendered pages, the `ETag` header is often automatically set by the deployment platform, so they should work out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To best support all browsers, make sure your pages have the proper cache headers. 

For static or prerendered pages, the `ETag` header is often automatically set by the deployment platform, so they should work out of the box.
```

> For dynamic and server-side rendered pages, you should set the appropriate cache headers based on the page content. Visit the [MDN documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching) for more information on HTTP caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For dynamic and server-side rendered pages, you should set the appropriate cache headers based on the page content. Visit the [MDN documentation on HTTP caching](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching) for more information.
```
